mention release notes are automatically generated (#167)
JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl: README.md

### Release notes

> If you have enabled TagBot for your repositories, then a set of automatically generated release notes based on merged pull requests and merges will be generated. These can later be edited via the GitHub releases interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled TagBot for your repositories, then a set of automatically generated release notes based on merged pull requests and closed issues will be generated.
These can later be edited via the GitHub releases interface.
```
